5th Ace	Common	 and  give 1 more when adjacent to  and .  and  give 1 more when adjacent to  and .
Adoption Papers	Common	You may destroy this item and choose 3 symbols to add. The possible symbols are                           and 
Ancient Lizard Blade	Very Rare	Gives 8 each spin. Gives 1 less for each symbol in your inventory with a quantity of 2 or more. Cannot give less than 0.
Anthropology Degree	Rare	                         and  give 1 more.
Barrel of Dwarves	Uncommon	You may destroy this item and add 7.
Big Symbol Bomb	Uncommon	You may destroy this item and choose 4 symbols to add.
Birdhouse	Common	      and  give 1 more.
Black Cat	Uncommon	Gives 6 whenever you gain a multiple of 13 after a spin.  give 2x more .
Black Pepper	Common	Gives 1 whenever a symbol is destroyed.
Black Suits	Uncommon	 and  give 2x more .
Blue Pepper	Common	Gives 3 if there are at least 3.
Booster Pack	Rare	You may destroy this item and choose 4 Common symbols, 3 Uncommon symbols, and 1 Rare symbol to add.
Bowling Ball	Rare	Gives 3.
Brown Pepper	Common	Gives 1 whenever a symbol is added.
Capsule Machine	Rare	The effects of          and  happen 2 times.
Cardboard Box	Uncommon	Gives 1 every 10 spins.
Checkered Flag	Common	     and  take 1 less spin to give .
Chicken Coop	Rare	   and  give 2 more.  are 3x more likely to add symbols.  are 3x more likely to transform.
Chili Powder	Rare	Gives 1 for each            and .
Cleaning Rag	Uncommon	       and  give 1 more.
Clear Sky	Rare	 and  affect non-adjacent symbols as well.
Coffee	Rare	If you can't afford your rent, you may destroy this item and spin an additional time.
Coin on a String	Uncommon	Gives 1. Removes all  before each spin. Gives 3 whenever  are removed.
Comfy Pillow	Uncommon	If you have 1 spin left before your rent is due, you may skip your next spin. If you do, at least 1 of the items to add after paying rent will be Rare or better.
Compost Heap	Uncommon	 is added whenever 3 symbols are destroyed.  will only grow into Uncommon or better symbols.
Conveyor Belt	Uncommon	        and  are 2x more likely to add symbols.
Copycat	Very Rare	 are .
Credit Card	Very Rare	Every 7 spins, you have 17 more symbols to choose from after a spin.
Cursed Katana	Uncommon	 give 2 more for each other .
Cyan Pepper	Common	Gives 2 unless 3 or more symbols are the same. This effect ignores .
Dark Humor	Uncommon	      and  give 3x more  when adjacent to .  are Uncommon instead of Rare.
Devil's Deal	Rare	You may destroy this item and add 66 instead of paying rent.
Dishwasher	Rare	Gives 1 every 12 spins.
Dwarven Anvil	Uncommon	 give 2x more  and destroy adjacent  and .
Egg Carton	Common	Puts all  in this item before each spin. Gives 1 for each  in this item, up to a maximum of 6 each spin.
Fertilizer	Uncommon	 will only grow into Rare or better symbols.  are 25% more likely to grow.
Fish Tank	Common	Puts all  in this item before each spin. Gives 1 for each  in this item.
Flush	Uncommon	Gives 77 and is destroyed if there are at least 3. The same applies to   and .
Four-leaf clover	Very Rare	Gives 4.
Frozen Pizza	Very Rare	You add an extra symbol after every 2 spins.
Fruit Basket	Uncommon	          and  give 1 more.
Frying Pan	Common	 are destroyed when adjacent to     and . Adds  whenever  are destroyed.
Golden Carrot	Very Rare	You are 5x more likely to find Uncommon, Rare, and Very Rare symbols.  give 5x more .
Goldilocks	Uncommon	You may destroy this item and add 3.
Grave Robber	Common	  and  have a 66% chance of being destroyed.
Gray Pepper	Common	Gives 6 whenever you spend .
Green Pepper	Common	Gives 3 if at least 3 symbols are the same and not .
Guillotine	Common	 are destroyed.
Happy Hour	Common	   and  give 1 more.
Holy Water	Rare	      and  have no effect and give 1 more.
Horseshoe	Uncommon	Gives 2.
Instant Ramen	Rare	You add an additional item after each rent payment.
Item Missing	Special	
Jack-o'-lantern	Common	 and  give 2x more .
Kyle the Kernite	Common	  and  give 1 more.
Lefty the Rabbit	Uncommon	Adds  every 10 spins.  and  in the leftmost column give 2x more .
Lemon	Uncommon	 give 1.
Lime Pepper	Common	Gives 6 whenever you spend .
Lint Roller	Uncommon	Removes all  before each spin. Gives 10 whenever  are removed.
Lockpick	Common	   and  have a 35% chance of being destroyed.
Looting Glove	Uncommon	              and  give 1.5x more  when destroyed.
Lucky Carrot	Rare	You are 3x more likely to find Uncommon, Rare, and Very Rare symbols.  give 3x more .
Lucky Cat	Common	You are 1.3x more likely to find Uncommon, Rare, and Very Rare symbols for each .
Lucky Dice	Rare	 will always roll .  will always roll .
Lucky Seven	Common	If you have 3 of this item, they are destroyed and give 77 total.
Lunchbox	Common	You may destroy this item and choose 3 symbols to add. The possible symbols are                     and .
Maxwell the Bear	Common	 give 1.5x more .
Mining Pick	Common	Gives 5 whenever  or  are destroyed.
Mobius Strip	Very Rare	              and  have a 50% chance of being added when destroyed. This effect can only happen 7 times each spin.
Ninja and Mouse	Common	 and  give 5x more  when adjacent to each other. This effect only applies once per spin.
Nori the Rabbit	Common	 and  give 1 more.
Oil Can	Rare	You may re-spin a column of symbols once every 5 spins. Symbols in the re-spun column give 2x more .
Oswald the Monkey	Common	 give 2x more .
Piggy Bank	Uncommon	You put 2 in this item each spin. You may destroy this item and gain 2.5x the  inside it.
Pink Pepper	Common	Gives 2 whenever you skip.
Pizza the Cat	Common	 give 1 more.
Pool Ball	Common	Gives 1.
Popsicle	Very Rare	The conditional effects of essences must happen 2 times for them to be destroyed.
Protractor	Rare	Every 3 spins, symbols in a corner are considered adjacent to all symbols.
Purple Pepper	Common	Gives 5 if 3 or more of the same symbol are adjacent and not .
Quantum Symbol Bomb	Uncommon	You may destroy this item and choose 5 symbols to add that were previously seen after a spin but weren't added.
Quigley the Wolf	Common	 give 1 more.  transform into .
Quiver	Rare	  and  point 2 directions.
Rain Cloud	Common	 give 1 more and are Common instead of Uncommon.
Recycling	Very Rare	Gives  each spin.
Red Pepper	Common	Gives 5 if every symbol is different.
Red Suits	Uncommon	 and  give 2x more .
Reroll	Common	 that roll less than  and  that roll less than  will reroll once.
Ricky the Banana	Common	 and  give 1 more.
Ritual Candle	Uncommon	      and  give 1 more.
Rusty Gear	Uncommon	If 3 or more of the same symbol are adjacent and not , they give 2x more .
Shattered Mirror	Uncommon	Gives 24 every 7 spins. You have 1 less symbol to choose from after a spin.
Shedding Season	Common	 have a 10% chance of adding .
Shrine	Uncommon	                                                    and  add  when destroyed.
Small Symbol Bomb	Common	You may destroy this item and choose 2 symbols to add.
Sunglasses	Rare	Gives 1 each spin if you have 4 or more.
Swapping Device	Rare	You may swap the positions of 2 symbols once per spin.
Swear Jar	Common	You put 1 in this item each time you spin and gain 35 or less. You may destroy this item and gain 3x the  inside it.
Tax Evasion	Common	If a symbol would take , it takes 1 less.
Telescope	Very Rare	Every 3 spins, all symbols are considered adjacent.
The Tortoise and the Hare	Common	Gives 77 and is destroyed if  is in the leftmost column and  is in the rightmost column.
Time Machine	Uncommon	 take 5 less spins to transform.     and  take 2 less spins to be destroyed.  and  take 5 less spins to be destroyed.
Treasure Map	Common	You may destroy this item after 20 spins. Adds  and  when destroyed.
Triple Coins	Uncommon	 give 3x more .
Undertaker	Rare	 cannot be destroyed.
Very Big Symbol Bomb	Rare	You may destroy this item and choose 8 symbols to add.
Void Party	Rare	  and  are Common instead of Uncommon.   and  have a 50% chance of being added when destroyed. This effect can only happen 7 times each spin.
Void Portal	Rare	Gives 1 for every 8 symbols destroyed this game.
Wanted Poster	Common	 give 3x more .
Watering Can	Common	 are 100% more likely to grow.  give 10 more.
White Pepper	Common	Gives 3 whenever you gain a multiple of 3 after a spin.
X-ray Machine	Uncommon	 and  will only add Rare or better symbols.
Yellow Pepper	Common	Gives 2 if none of the symbols are .
Zaroff's Contract	Uncommon	 destroy adjacent                          and .  give 20 for each symbol destroyed.